Under a DevOps model, development and operations teams are no longer “siloed.” Sometimes, these two teams are merged into a single team where the engineers work across the entire application lifecycle, from development and test to deployment to operations, and develop a range of skills not limited to a single function.
In some DevOps models, quality assurance and security teams may also become more tightly integrated with development and operations and throughout the application lifecycle. When security is the focus of everyone on a DevOps team, this is sometimes referred to as DevSecOps.
These teams use practices to automate processes that historically have been manual and slow. They use a technology stack and tooling which help them operate and evolve applications quickly and reliably. These tools also help engineers independently accomplish tasks (for example, deploying code or provisioning infrastructure) that normally would have required help from other teams, and this further increases a team’s velocity.
The DevOps model enables your developers and operations teams to achieve these results. For example, microservices and continuous delivery let teams take ownership of services and then release updates to them quicker.
Increase the frequency and pace of releases so you can innovate and improve your product faster. The quicker you can release new features and fix bugs, the faster you can respond to your customers’ needs and build competitive advantage. Continuous integration and continuous delivery are practices that automate the software release process, from build to deploy.
Ensure the quality of application updates and infrastructure changes so you can reliably deliver at a more rapid pace while maintaining a positive experience for end users. Use practices like continuous integration and continuous delivery to test that each change is functional and safe. Monitoring and logging practices help you stay informed of performance in real-time.
Operate and manage your infrastructure and development processes at scale. Automation and consistency help you manage complex or changing systems efficiently and with reduced risk. For example, infrastructure as code helps you manage your development, testing, and production environments in a repeatable and more efficient manner.
Developers and operations teams collaborate closely, share many responsibilities, and combine their workflows. This reduces inefficiencies and saves time (e.g. reduced handover periods between developers and operations, writing code that takes into account the environment in which it is run).
Continuous integration is a software development practice where developers regularly merge their code changes into a central repository, after which automated builds and tests are run. The key goals of continuous integration are to find and address bugs quicker, improve software quality, and reduce the time it takes to validate and release new software updates.
Continuous delivery is a software development practice where code changes are automatically built, tested, and prepared for a release to production. It expands upon continuous integration by deploying all code changes to a testing environment and/or a production environment after the build stage. When continuous delivery is implemented properly, developers will always have a deployment-ready build artifact that has passed through a standardized test process.
Infrastructure as code is a practice in which infrastructure is provisioned and managed using code and software development techniques, such as version control and continuous integration. The cloud’s API-driven model enables developers and system administrators to interact with infrastructure programmatically, and at scale, instead of needing to manually set up and configure resources. Thus, engineers can interface with infrastructure using code-based tools and treat infrastructure in a manner similar to how they treat application code. Because they are defined by code, infrastructure and servers can quickly be deployed using standardized patterns, updated with the latest patches and versions, or duplicated in repeatable ways.
You're familiar with creating and managing IAM users, roles, and policies. You want to ensure that your development engineers and quality assurance team members can access the resources they need. You also need a strategy that scales as your company grows.
AWS customers are welcome to carry out security assessments or penetration tests of their AWS infrastructure without prior approval for the services listed in the next section under “Permitted Services.” Additionally, AWS permits customers to host their security assessment tooling within the AWS IP space or other cloud provider for on-prem, in AWS, or third party contracted testing. All security testing that includes Command and Control (C2) requires prior approval.
AWS's policy regarding the use of security assessment tools and services allows significant flexibility for performing security assessments of your AWS assets while protecting other AWS customers and ensuring quality-of-service across AWS.
The term "security assessment" refers to all activity engaged in for the purposes of determining the efficacy or existence of security controls amongst your AWS assets, e.g., port-scanning, vulnerability scanning/checks, penetration testing, exploitation, web application scanning, as well as any injection, forgery, or fuzzing activity, either performed remotely against your AWS assets, amongst/between your AWS assets, or locally within the virtualized assets themselves.
Customers wishing to perform a DDoS simulation test should review our DDoS Simulation Testing policy.
Amazon SageMaker Model Monitor monitors the quality of Amazon SageMaker machine learning models in production. 
With Model Monitor, you can set alerts that notify you when there are deviations in the model quality.
Early and proactive detection of these deviations enables you to take corrective actions, such as retraining models, auditing upstream systems, or fixing quality issues without having to monitor models manually or build additional tooling. 
Amazon SageMaker Model Monitor automatically monitors machine learning (ML) models in production and notifies you when quality issues arise. 
In this blog post, we introduce Deequ, an open source tool developed and used at Amazon. Deequ allows you to calculate data quality metrics on your dataset, define and verify data quality constraints, and be informed about changes in the data distribution.
Deequ is implemented on top of Apache Spark and is designed to scale with large datasets (think billions of rows) that typically live in a distributed filesystem or a data warehouse.
Deequ computes data quality metrics, that is, statistics such as completeness, maximum, or correlation. Deequ uses Spark to read from sources such as Amazon S3, and to compute metrics through an optimized set of aggregation queries. 
AWS’s strategy for design and development of AWS services is to clearly define services in terms of customer use cases, service performance, marketing and distribution requirements, production and testing, and legal and regulatory requirements.
In addition to the software, hardware, human resource and real estate assets that are encompassed in the scope of the AWS quality management system supporting the development and operations of AWS services, it also includes documented information including, but not limited to source code, system documentation and operational policies and procedures.
AWS implements formal, documented policies and procedures that provide guidance for operations and information security within the organization and the supporting AWS environments. Policies address purpose, scope, roles, responsibilities and management commitment. All policies are maintained in a centralized location that is accessible by employees. 
The AWS quality system is documented to ensure that planning is consistent with all other requirements.
AWS continuously monitors service usage to project infrastructure needs to support availability commitments and requirements. AWS maintains a capacity planning model to assess infrastructure usage and demands at least monthly, and usually more frequently. In addition, the AWS capacity planning model supports the planning of future demands to acquire and implement additional resources based upon current resources and forecasted requirements.
AWS offers commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) IT services according to IT quality and security standards such as ISO 27001, ISO 27017, ISO 27018, ISO 9001, NIST 800-53 and many others.
It's important to run controlled tests and monitor the same environment or workstation as those reporting the issue, and be able to reproduce the same use cases. Consider the following general testing recommendations for measuring and gathering data to investigate voice quality issues.
To ensure the ultimate level of security, you need to integrate health checks into your workflow, and DevOps is the best method of achieving this goal. Amazon Inspector is one of the AWS tools for testers that is delivered as a service that facilitates an easier adoption into the existing DevOps process. DevSecOps extends DevOps with QA and entails continuous communication among operational teams, developers, and testers.
We can help you integrate continuous testing into your pipeline, eliminate human errors, and automate deployments. In our experience, going through test automation implementation helps companies to validate their current QA processes and improve test accuracy. Finally, test automation services reduces time-to-market and delivers a high-quality product with fewer bugs.
The modern tools and techniques of application validation can simplify the testing process, shorten time-to-market, keep money in the budget, and enhance product quality. 

Amazon CodeGuru Security is a static application security testing (SAST) tool that combines machine learning (ML) and automated reasoning to identify vulnerabilities in your code, provide recommendations on how to fix the identified vulnerabilities, and track the status of the vulnerabilities until closure.
To begin reviewing code, you can associate your existing code repositories on GitHub, GitHub Enterprise, Bitbucket, or AWS CodeCommit in the CodeGuru console.
We have about 300+ microservices right now that are being reviewed and managed by CodeGuru Reviewer.
Incorporating CodeGuru in our development workflows improves and automates code reviews, helps our DevOps teams proactively identify and fix functional and non-functional issues and ensures that the deployments exceeds the performance, security and compliance requirements of our customers across industries and regions.
With CodeGuru, we have built automated code reviews directly into our pipelines, which means my team can deploy code faster and with more confidence. We use CodeGuru Reviewer’s recommendations based on ML and automated reasoning, to focus on fixing and improving the code, instead of manually finding flaws. The addition of Python has made CodeGuru even more accessible for us.
Amazon CodeGuru has helped expedite our software development lifecycle by streamlining the code review process. As the primary code reviewer on the team, I can now focus more on the functionality and feature implementation of the code as opposed to searching for security vulnerabilities and best practices that may not have been followed.
At Atlassian, many of our services have hundreds of check-ins per deployment. While code reviews from our development team do a great job of preventing bugs from reaching production, it’s not always possible to predict how systems will behave under stress or manage complex data shapes, especially as we have multiple deployments per day. 
Integrate CodeGuru into your existing software development workflow to automate code reviews during application development and continuously monitor application's performance in production and provide recommendations and visual clues on how to improve code quality, application performance, and reduce overall cost.
The software development starts with design documents and reviews, and moves through code reviews. A security review will be conducted by both the independent AWS Security team as well as the Amazon EC2 engineering team for significant changes or features.
Once code reviews and approvals are complete, and all automated checks are passed, our automated package deployment process takes over. As part of this automated deployment pipeline, binary artifacts are built and teams run end-to-end, validation, and security-specific tests. If any type of validation fails, the deployment process is halted until the issue is remediated.
AWS provides the AWS Well-Architected Tool to help you review your approach prior to development, the state of your workloads prior to production, and the state of your workloads in production. You can compare workloads to the latest AWS architectural best practices, monitor their overall status, and gain insight into potential risks.

If a package is not included as part of a validated system, then by implication it is not approved for use within the controlled environment. If the environment permits a user to install their own packages the onus would be on the user to take extra precautions to ensure that it behaves as expected for their specific use case. In all cases, it is expected that users would follow their internal Quality Assurance Standard Operating Procedures.
Oracle is uniquely positioned and qualified to deliver and support open source software by eliminating risk through supporting the binaries from open source projects. In addition, Oracle implements rigorous methodology and proven processes to ensure that the open source software meets or exceeds specifications by subjecting it to the same standards, quality assurance, and interoperability testing as Oracle’s commercial software. 
Our dedicated security team includes some of the world's foremost experts in information security, application security, cryptography, and network security. This team maintains our defense systems, develops security review processes, builds security infrastructure, and implements our security policies. The team actively scans for security threats using commercial and custom tools. The team also conducts penetration tests and performs quality assurance and security reviews.

At a high level, cloud-native architecture means adapting to the many new possibilities—but very different set of architectural constraints—offered by the cloud compared to traditional on-premises infrastructure.
While the functional aspects don't change too much, the cloud offers, and sometimes requires, very different ways to meet non-functional requirements, and imposes very different architectural constraints. If architects fail to adapt their approach to these different constraints, the systems they architect are often fragile, expensive, and hard to maintain. A well-architected cloud native system, on the other hand, should be largely self-healing, cost efficient, and easily updated and maintained through Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD).
Automation has always been a best practice for software systems, but cloud makes it easier than ever to automate the infrastructure as well as components that sit above it. 
Automated processes can repair, scale, deploy your system far faster than people can. 
Infrastructure: Automate the creation of the infrastructure, together with updates to it, using tools like Google Cloud Deployment Manager or Terraform
Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery: Automate the build, testing, and deployment of the packages that make up the system by using tools like Google Cloud Build, Jenkins and Spinnaker. Not only should you automate the deployment, you should strive to automate processes like canary testing and rollback.
Scale up and scale down: Unless your system load almost never changes, you should automate the scale up of the system in response to increases in load, and scale down in response to sustained drops in load. By scaling up, you ensure your service remains available, and by scaling down you reduce costs. 
Monitoring and automated recovery: You should bake monitoring and logging into your cloud-native systems from inception. Logging and monitoring data streams can naturally be used for monitoring the health of the system, but can have many uses beyond this. 
This means that almost all of the principles of good architectural design still apply for cloud-native architecture.
In this post we set out five principles of cloud-native architecture that will help to ensure your designs take full advantage of the cloud while avoiding the pitfalls of shoe-horning old approaches into a new platform.
The largest design constraint for the implementation of the project is financial.
The development and integration of the new software components into the existing open source software application is a major constraint.
Resources can be provisioned as temporary, disposable units, freeing users from the inflexibility and constraints of a fixed and finite IT infrastructure. 
Reducing power consumption will require adding architectural improvements to process and circuit improvements. Thus, elevating power to a first-class constraint must be a priority early in the design stage when architectural tradeoffs are made as designers perform cycle-accurate simulation.
Multi-objective optimizations were performed based on actual design constraints.

Optimal solutions identified for differing design constraints in a short time.
To investigate this question, we first present and formalize the design constraints for building an autonomous driving system in terms of performance, predictability, storage, thermal and power.
With accelerator-based designs, we are able to build an end-to-end autonomous driving system that meets all the design constraints, and explore the trade-offs among performance, power and the higher accuracy enabled by higher resolution cameras.
The solution architect must understand all these constraints, compare them, and then make a number of technological and managerial decisions to reconcile these restrictions with project goals.

Among all the practices that SLSA and NIST SSDF promote, using application-level security scanning as part of continuous integration/continuous delivery (CI/CD) systems for production releases was the most common practice, with 63% of respondents saying this was “very” or “completely” established. Preserving code history and using build scripts are also highly established, while signing metadata and requiring a two-person review process have the most room for growth.
To that end, the data indicate that organizational culture and modern development processes (such as continuous integration) are the biggest drivers of an organization’s software security and are the best place to start for organizations looking to improve their security posture.
CI plays an increasingly important role in DevOps, allowing enterprises to drive quality from the start of their development cycle.
Today, we are honored to share that Cloud Build, Google Cloud’s continuous integration (CI) and continuous delivery (CD) platform, was named a Leader in The Forrester Wave™: Cloud-Native Continuous Integration Tools, Q3 2019. The report identifies the 10 CI providers that matter most for continuous integration (CI) and how they stack up on 27 criterias.
OSS-Fuzz offers CIFuzz, a GitHub action/CI job that runs your fuzz targets on pull requests. This works similarly to running unit tests in CI. CIFuzz helps you find and fix bugs before they make it into your codebase. Currently, CIFuzz primarily supports projects hosted on GitHub. Non-OSS-Fuzz users can use CIFuzz with additional features through ClusterFuzzLite.
Lighthouse CI is a suite of tools for using Lighthouse during continuous integration. Lighthouse CI can be incorporated into developer workflows in many different ways.
Lighthouse CI shows how these findings have changed over time. This can be used to identify the impact of particular code changes or ensure that performance thresholds are met during continuous integration processes. Although performance monitoring is the most common use case for Lighthouse CI, it can be used to monitor other aspects of the Lighthouse report - for example, SEO or accessibility.
Speed, Scale, And Security Are The Important Differentiators As organizations transition to continuous delivery (CD) and shift hosting of production workloads to cloud servers, traditional, on-premises continuous integration will no longer suffice. Cloud-native CI products with exceptional build speed, on-demand scale, and secure configurations will lead the market and enable customers to accelerate delivery speed and lower management costs, all while meeting corporate compliance needs.
Continuous integration (CI) systems automate the compilation, building, and testing of software. Despite CI rising as a big success story in automated software engineering, it has received almost no attention from the research community.
Continuous Integration (CI) is emerging as one of the biggest success stories in automated software engineering. CI systems automate the compilation, building, testing and deployment of software.

This document discusses techniques for implementing and automating continuous integration (CI), continuous delivery (CD), and continuous training (CT) for machine learning (ML) systems.
This document is for data scientists and ML engineers who want to apply DevOps principles to ML systems (MLOps). MLOps is an ML engineering culture and practice that aims at unifying ML system development (Dev) and ML system operation (Ops). Practicing MLOps means that you advocate for automation and monitoring at all steps of ML system construction, including integration, testing, releasing, deployment and infrastructure management.
DevOps is a popular practice in developing and operating large-scale software systems. This practice provides benefits such as shortening the development cycles, increasing deployment velocity, and dependable releases. To achieve these benefits, you introduce two concepts in the software system development: Continuous Integration (CI), Continuous Delivery (CD)
Testing an ML system is more involved than testing other software systems. In addition to typical unit and integration tests, you need data validation, trained model quality evaluation, and model validation.
ML and other software systems are similar in continuous integration of source control, unit testing, integration testing, and continuous delivery of the software module or the package. 
You build source code and run various tests. The outputs of this stage are pipeline components (packages, executables, and artifacts) to be deployed in a later stage.
In this level, your system continuously delivers new pipeline implementations to the target environment that in turn delivers prediction services of the newly trained model. For rapid and reliable continuous delivery of pipelines and models, you should consider the following:
Rather, it means deploying an ML pipeline that can automate the retraining and deployment of new models. Setting up a CI/CD system enables you to automatically test and deploy new pipeline implementations. This system lets you cope with rapid changes in your data and business environment.
You can gradually implement these practices to help improve the automation of your ML system development and production.
The goal of level 1 is to perform continuous training of the model by automating the ML pipeline; this lets you achieve continuous delivery of model prediction service. To automate the process of using new data to retrain models in production, you need to introduce automated data and model validation steps to the pipeline, as well as pipeline triggers and metadata management.
The steps of the ML experiment are orchestrated. The transition between steps is automated, which leads to rapid iteration of experiments and better readiness to move the whole pipeline to production.
CT of the model in production: The model is automatically trained in production using fresh data based on live pipeline triggers, which are discussed in the next section.
Continuous delivery of models: An ML pipeline in production continuously delivers prediction services to new models that are trained on new data. The model deployment step, which serves the trained and validated model as a prediction service for online predictions, is automated.
Therefore, automated data validation and model validation steps are required in the production pipeline to ensure the following expected behavior:
An optional additional component for level 1 ML pipeline automation is a feature store.
For a rapid and reliable update of the pipelines in production, you need a robust automated CI/CD system. This automated CI/CD system lets your data scientists rapidly explore new ideas around feature engineering, model architecture, and hyperparameters. They can implement these ideas and automatically build, test, and deploy the new pipeline components to the target environment.
Network automation substantially increases network efficiency to lower the cost per bit and maximize profit.
Over the past decade, Arista has been delivering cloud networking solutions with a unique software-driven approach to building reliable networks designed around the principles of standardization, simplification, cost-savings, and automation. 
While hyper-scale cloud operators drove much of the new technologies and systems that they used to build their infrastructure, most enterprises do not have the time, skillset, or resources to build out their own homegrown cloud automation platform.
Modern network architectures require a system approach with real-time automation, using open state-streaming APIs for continuous real-time synchronization of network state and configuration, and providing advanced AI/ML analytics to provide instantaneous compliance, visibility, and troubleshooting.
DevOps CI/CD Model. This model is typically deployed by relatively large service providers or enterprises, as they embark on an automation journey. Their approach includes using automation frameworks – typically also being used by the DevOps compute and platform operations teams – such as Hashicorp Terraform or Red Hat Ansible to automate the provisioning of the network infrastructure and to drive down OpEx costs. These customers have the resources and skills to write their own custom scripts and are invested in DevOps automation approaches with committed resources. Arista supports these customers by providing open software integration into DevOps frameworks like Terraform, Ansible, Puppet, and Chef, as well as supporting streaming receiver platforms like ELK stack, Prometheus, and others. 
CloudVision is a modern, multi-domain network management platform built on cloud networking principles for telemetry, analytics, and automation.
For Arista customers, CloudVision can be customized using the APIs to integrate with customer-developed scripts and programs using python, go, or other languages, and with DevOps workflows using the available Arista-provided CloudVision extensions for open-source automation tools like Ansible and Terraform.

Visual Studio Team System (VSTS) 2010 introduces new features and capabilities to help agile teams with planning. In this article I will introduce you to the new product backlog and iteration backlog workbooks and a set of new reports that will help agile teams plan and manage releases and iterations.
Agile supports Agile planning methods (learn more about Agile methodologies at the Agile Alliance), including Scrum, and tracks development and test activities separately. This process works great if you want to track user stories and (optionally) bugs on the Kanban board, or track bugs and tasks on the Taskboard.
Scrum tracks work using product backlog items (PBIs) and bugs on the Kanban board or viewed on a sprint Taskboard.
Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) supports a framework for process improvement and an auditable record of decisions. With this process, you can track requirements, change requests, risks, and reviews. This process supports formal change management activities.
Azure Boards offers predefined work item types for tracking features, user stories, bugs, and tasks, making it easy to start using your product backlog or Kanban board. It supports different Agile methods, so you can implement the method that suits you best. You can add teams as your organization grows to give them the autonomy to track their work as they see fit.
For example, if you update a record in Microsoft Azure DevOps, the update is reflected in Agile Development. Similarly, if you update a record in Agile Development, the update is reflected in Microsoft Azure DevOps.
The Integration of Microsoft Azure DevOps with Agile Development enables you to do the following: View available Microsoft Azure DevOps projects in Agile Development. Perform a bulk import of records from Microsoft Azure DevOps to Agile Development. Perform single record updates between Microsoft Azure DevOps and Agile Development. Avoid duplicating record update entries in Microsoft Azure DevOps and Agile Development.
Plan, track, and update your tasks from a single application.

Consider managing your bug bar and technical debt as part of your team's overall set of continuous improvement activities. You may find these resources of interest:
While bugs contribute to technical debt, they may not represent all debt.
Poor software design, poorly written code, or short-term fixes can all contribute to technical debt. Technical debt reflects extra development work that arises from all these problems.
Track work to address technical debt as PBIs, user stories, or bugs. To track a team's progress in incurring and addressing technical debt, you'll want to consider how to categorize the work item and the details you want to track. 
Scrum Masters help build and maintain healthy teams by employing Scrum processes. They guide, coach, teach, and assist Scrum teams in the proper employment of Scrum methods. Scrum Masters also act as change agents to help teams overcome impediments and to drive the team toward significant productivity increases.
Daily Scrum meetings help keep a team focused on what it needs to do the next day. Staying focused helps the team maximize their ability to meet sprint commitments. Your Scrum Master should enforce the structure of the meeting and ensure that it starts on time and finishes in 15 minutes or less.
Good Scrum Masters have or develop excellent communication, negotiation, and conflict resolution skills. 
The diagram below details the iterative Scrum lifecycle. The entire lifecycle is completed in fixed time periods called sprints. A sprint is typically one-to-four weeks long.
The product owner is responsible for what the team builds, and why they build it. The product owner is responsible for keeping the backlog of work up to date and in priority order
The Scrum master ensures that the Scrum process is followed by the team. Scrum masters are continually on the lookout for how the team can improve, while also resolving impediments and other blocking issues that arise during the sprint. Scrum masters are part coach, part team member, and part cheerleader.
The members of the Scrum team actually build the product. The team owns the engineering of the product, and the quality that goes with it.
The product backlog is a prioritized list of work the team can deliver. The product owner is responsible for adding, changing, and reprioritizing the backlog as needed. The items at the top of the backlog should always be ready for the team to execute on.
In sprint planning, the team chooses backlog items to work on in the upcoming sprint. The team chooses backlog items based on priority and what they believe they can complete in the sprint. The sprint backlog is the list of items the team plans to deliver in the sprint. Often, each item on the sprint backlog is broken down into tasks. Once all members agree the sprint backlog is achievable, the sprint starts.
The team takes time to reflect on what went well and which areas need improvement. The outcome of the retrospective are actions for the next sprint.
The entire cycle is repeated for the next sprint. Sprint planning selects the next items on the product backlog and the cycle repeats. While the team executes the sprint, the product owner ensures the items at the top of the backlog are ready to execute in the following sprint.
Alleviate technical debt with IT modernization that works.
Even so, organizations have invested money, time, and training in their existing infrastructure and need to maximize its value and return. This technical debt often leaves little budget and time for innovation.
Modernizing your applications and other elements of your IT environment can help reduce technical debt in your current infrastructure and free time and budget for strategic projects that support business initiatives.
Technical debt refers to the side effects of prioritising time, money, and workarounds over quality in the delivery of enterprise IT.
Plan an integrated organisation-wide approach to remediation; review and update often. Consider the aspects of technical debt that you may be introducing with every new “go live” .
IDC predicts that through 2023, coping with technical debt accumulated during the pandemic will challenge 50% of CIOs. This technical debt is a result of what were imperative but necessarily fast-tracked implementations of solutions for new, remote working arrangements after the onset of COVID-19. 
Investing in right sizing enterprise cloud environments and integrating these with older stop-gap solutions will help minimise the burden of technical debt.
Technical debt is a metaphor that is defined as the result of an IT departments preference to taking shortcuts using basic techniques comma not considering long-term consequences when developing and implementing code comma and delaying the upgrade of infrastructure on a timely basis.
Utilizing Legacy software development platforms that require a high number of lines of code versus rapid application development platforms Legacy platforms generate technical debt due to their coding complexity in the Labor standardization while rapid application development platforms bracket such as a low code or no code bracket provide a visual development approach which can save up to 40 to 50% of coding effort.
Azure and Digital Transformation: Modernize Apps, Boost Agility, and Pay Down Technical Debt.
Technical debt is a well-known problem in software development. But in complex, user-facing software like rich text editors, technical debt isn’t the only problem.
Generally, when you’re tracking and prioritising technical debt work, engineering mostly focuses on non-optimal code — or short-term implementation shortcuts — used to deliver a project faster.
User satisfaction, value delivered and product marketability are as dependent on UI/UX as performance, and that’s where functional debt poses a threat. And similarly to technical debt, functional debt is hard to identify and pay down.
Technical debt is about how a feature was implemented.
Rich text editors are inherently complex, with busy feature roadmaps, which creates an environment where both technical and functional debt rapidly accrue.
Engineers tend to notice technical debt. Designers more likely notice functional debt.
Here’s three of the many phases we worked through with the TinyMCE core engine, when identifying, prioritising, tracking and paying down our technical debt.
As manual processes are digitized and automated, operational overheads and protocols only increase complexity and technical debt, resulting in applications and networks that incur hidden costs and unexpected externalities.  

The Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) refers to a methodology with clearly defined processes for creating high-quality software. in detail, the SDLC methodology focuses on the following phases of software development:
SDLC or the Software Development Life Cycle is a process that produces software with the highest quality and lowest cost in the shortest time possible. SDLC provides a well-structured flow of phases that help an organization to quickly produce high-quality software which is well-tested and ready for production use.
It’s also important to know that there is a strong focus on the testing phase. As the SDLC is a repetitive methodology, you have to ensure code quality at every cycle. Many organizations tend to spend few efforts on testing while a stronger focus on testing can save them a lot of rework, time, and money. Be smart and write the right types of tests.
Application performance monitoring (APM) tools can be used in a development, QA, and production environment. This keeps everyone using the same toolset across the entire development lifecycle.
The Agile SDLC model separates the product into cycles and delivers a working product very quickly. This methodology produces a succession of releases. Testing of each release feeds back info that’s incorporated into the next version.
The application development life cycle management (ADLM) tool market focuses on the planning and governance activities of the software development life cycle (SDLC). ADLM products focus on the "development" portion of an application's life. 
IBM Engineering Lifecycle Management (ELM) is the leading platform for today’s complex product and software development. ELM extends the functionality of standard ALM tools, providing an integrated, end-to-end solution that offers full transparency and traceability across all engineering data. From requirements through testing and deployment, ELM optimizes collaboration and communication across all stakeholders, improving decision- making, productivity and overall product quality.
Get integrated testing and lifecycle traceability that provide visibility across artifacts for a complete view of development, to ensure the product meets all requirements and is fully tested.
Enables end-to-end management of the development lifecycle.
Every phase of the SDLC life Cycle has its own process and deliverables that feed into the next phase. SDLC stands for Software Development Life Cycle and is also referred to as the Application Development life-cycle.
Once the system design phase is over, the next phase is coding. In this phase, developers start build the entire system by writing code using the chosen programming language. In the coding phase, tasks are divided into units or modules and assigned to the various developers. It is the longest phase of the Software Development Life Cycle process.
The SDLC life cycle process is repeated, with each release adding more functionality until all requirements are met. In this method, every cycle act as the maintenance phase for the previous software release. Modification to the incremental model allows development cycles to overlap. After that subsequent cycle may begin before the previous cycle is complete.
The Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) is a systematic process for building software that ensures the quality and correctness of the software built.
The full form SDLC is Software Development Life Cycle or Systems Development Life Cycle.
The software development lifecycle (SDLC) is the cost-effective and time-efficient process that development teams use to design and build high-quality software. The goal of SDLC is to minimize project risks through forward planning so that software meets customer expectations during production and beyond. This methodology outlines a series of steps that divide the software development process into tasks you can assign, complete, and measure.
The software development lifecycle (SDLC) outlines several tasks required to build a software application. The development process goes through several stages as developers add new features and fix bugs in the software.
A software development lifecycle (SDLC) model conceptually presents SDLC in an organized fashion to help organizations implement it. Different models arrange the SDLC phases in varying chronological order to optimize the development cycle. We look at some popular SDLC models below.
The agile model arranges the SDLC phases into several development cycles. The team iterates through the phases rapidly, delivering only small, incremental software changes in each cycle. They continuously evaluate requirements, plans, and results so that they can respond quickly to change. The agile model is both iterative and incremental, making it more efficient than other process models.
Rapid development cycles help teams identify and address issues in complex projects early on and before they become significant problems. They can also engage customers and stakeholders to obtain feedback throughout the project lifecycle.
In traditional software development, security testing was a separate process from the software development lifecycle (SDLC).
DevSecOps is the practice of integrating security testing at every stage of the software development process. It includes tools and processes that encourage collaboration between developers, security specialists, and operation teams to build software that can withstand modern threats. In addition, it ensures that security assurance activities such as code review, architecture analysis, and penetration testing are integral to development efforts.
The abbreviation SDLC can sometimes refer to the systems development lifecycle, the process for planning and creating an IT system. 
Having achieved some understanding of the Project Management and System Development lifecycles, and having learned to discern relative value of their multitudinous deliverables, we are now well positioned to come up with a sequence of milestones that can communicate the status of the project in a fashion meaningful to the Project and Executive Sponsor layers of the organization.
However, many organizations still lag behind when it comes to building security into their software development life cycle (SDLC). 
The later a bug is found in the SDLC, the more expensive it becomes to fix. When a bug is found late in the cycle, developers must drop the work they are doing, and go back to revisit code they may have written weeks ago. Even worse, when a bug is found in production, the code gets sent all the way back to the beginning of the SDLC. 
Many secure SDLC models are in use, but one of the best known is the Microsoft Security Development Lifecycle (MS SDL), which outlines 12 practices organizations can adopt to increase the security of their software. There is also the Secure Software Development Framework from the National Institutes of Standards and Technology (NIST), which focuses on security-related processes that organizations can integrate into their existing SDLC.

PowerApps canvas app coding standards and guidelines.
It contains standards for naming objects, collections, and variables, and guidelines for developing consistent, performant, and easily maintainable apps. 
This white paper was developed as a collaboration between the Microsoft PowerApps team, Microsoft IT, and industry professionals. Of course, enterprise customers are free to develop their own standards and practices. However, we feel that adherence to these guidelines will help developers in these areas: 
We brought our own PowerApps experience and knowledge, and spoke with expert PowerApps makers across the world to collect their standards and best practices and bring them together in this document.
The standards and guidelines are targeted at the enterprise application maker (developer) who is responsible for designing, building, testing, deploying, and maintaining PowerApps apps in a small business, corporate, or government environment. 
As we mention in the white paper, these coding standards and guidelines are flexible and serve as a starting point for organizations to develop their own standards. This white paper is intended to be a living document.
Coding standards are collections of coding rules, guidelines, and best practices. Using the right one — such as C coding standards and C++ coding standards — will help you write cleaner code.
Here we explain why coding standards (such as C coding standards) are important, so consider this your guide to finding and using coding rules and guidelines.
The reason why coding standards are important is that they help to ensure safety, security, and reliability. Every development team should use one. Even the most experienced developer could introduce a coding defect — without realizing it. And that one defect could lead to a minor glitch. 
Using C coding standards is a smart way to find undefined and unpredictable behaviors.
There are several established standards. Some are specifically designed for functional safety — such as MISRA. Others are focused on secure coding, including CERT.
Adoption and management of coding standards (e.g. MISRA) at large scale in complex codebases.
The standard is comprised of 12 parts that span the breadth of the automotive safety lifecycle including management, development, production, operation service, and decommissioning.
Static code analysis to identify coding standards and security vulnerabilities during development (Appendix E.3.3).
Synopsys is also involved as a member in formulating the SAE J3061 and ISO 21434 standards, which define comprehensive strategies for automotive cybersecurity.
Coverity allows the enforcement of commonly used language subsets and coding standards – e.g. MISRA C/C++, AUTOSAR C++, CERT C/C++, and others.
Custom coding rules can be authored for specific API or organizational coding standards as required using the Code XM extension framework.
While coding standards such as MISRA will restrict the available concurrency functions available for use, Coverity includes a number of built-in checks specifically targeted at finding concurrency related errors including deadlocks, resource exhaustion, and inconsistent usage of locking and thread management routines.
Once the architectural design is complete, the next stage in the ISO 26262 standard is software unit design and implementation.
The standard supplies numerous guidelines for software design and implementation to ensure the correct order of execution, consistency of interfaces, correctness of data flow and control flow, simplicity, readability and comprehensibility, and robustness.
During development, Synopsys enables developers to ensure that their code conforms to ISO 26262 design principles. This is accomplished primarily by implementing industry-specific coding standards rules such as MISRA C/C++.
Now, three years post-implementation, AHIMA is defining a “new normal” by establishing ICD-10-CM/PCS coding productivity benchmarks. To do so, several building blocks have been created, to be followed by an AHIMA-led systemic, highly credible study resulting in the standard for coding productivity.
February 2016, coding productivity was at approximately 50 percent of the standard established in 2007, about 40 minutes (or 1.5 records per hour).
Such changes in the health environment will be taken into account as AHIMA proceeds toward an updated coding productivity standard.
Overall, AHIMA has provided multiple coding standard examples for ICD-10-CM/PCS for inpatient records.
