“The serverless model looked like a good way to handle higher traffic and be active across multiple regions,” says Anderson Buzo, chief architect at ADP.
After migrating to managed services on AWS, development teams own their resources fully, and the company now spends much less time on support and maintenance. 
We’re using AWS because we want to be a product development team and not an infrastructure management team.
As ADP Chief Architect, Jesse White noted in his book, Getting Started with Kubernetes, choosing the right APIs and capabilities within Kubernetes can drastically reduce the operational burden on teams.

The Platform perspective helps you build an enterprise-grade, scalable, hybrid cloud platform, modernize existing workloads, and implement new cloud-native solutions. Common stakeholders include CTO, technology leaders, architects, and engineers.
The Security perspective helps you achieve the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of your data and cloud workloads. Common stakeholders include chief information security officer (CISO), chief compliance officer (CCO), internal audit leaders, and security architects and engineers.
The Operations perspective helps ensure that your cloud services are delivered at a level that meets the needs of your business. Common stakeholders include infrastructure and operations leaders, site reliability engineers, and information technology service managers.
The migration program includes a track to develop and move internal operations staff into new roles, such as joining DevSecOps teams building infrastructure as code automations and test automations that will drive growth for the team.
In 2016, Thomson Reuters decided to build a solution that would enable it to capture, analyze, and visualize analytics data generated by its offerings, providing insights to help product teams continuously improve the user experience.
And, because the group that would be building the solution was relatively small, the company needed to minimize administration and management tasks so it could focus on building new features and supporting product teams.
Our security team worked closely with AWS to review infrastructure, software, and services and found we could build our system in a way that complied with those requirements.
Although the company has benefited from its embrace of AWS, setting up new AWS accounts posed a challenge for the company’s two-person AWS Operations Team, led by Alan Williams, an enterprise architect at Autodesk.
“It’s easy to read and modify AWS Step Functions,” says Filip Pýrek, serverless architect at Purple Technology.

The GDPR implementation is led by the Global Privacy Officer and supported by a dedicated project manager and “GDPR leads” in each functional area.

The Cisco Product Security Incident Response Team (PSIRT) is responsible for responding to Cisco product security incidents. The Cisco PSIRT is a dedicated, global team that manages the receipt, investigation, and public reporting of information about security vulnerabilities and issues related to Cisco products and networks.
This is essentially the product owner and is determined during product registration. 
Managed by the content owner from their Webex page/Webex App.