ALLDATA provides innovative software solutions that connect automotive repair technicians with the diagnostic and repair information they need from original equipment manufacturers (OEMs).
At Act-On, we’re not shy about saying that our Deliverability Team is the best in the business.
After some anxiety-fueled Google searches, he contacted his customer success manager, who immediately set up a call with Act-On’s secret weapon: the Deliverability Team. 
Act-On's email deliverability team got to work and helped get ALLDATA's metrics back on track.
Bruker is one of the world’s leading analytical instrumentation companies that helps scientists make breakthrough discoveries. Their high-performance scientific instruments enable scientists to explore life and materials at molecular, cellular, and microscopic levels. With the caliber of work they do, they need a digital marketing company that can keep up with their state-of-the-art technologies.
Fabio Bacchilega oversees all of the communication between Bruker Biospin’s clients and prospects, including segmenting databases and analyzing reports on customer engagement. 
This use of dynamic content in their newsletters has transformed Bruker Biospin’s customer engagement. Prior to this, their customers would receive non-personalized communication that would go to everyone, making it difficult for interested parties to find the content they were interested in.
For the past 14 years, she’s worked with different platforms, none of which really offered a comprehensive solution to myriad issues. For one thing, BinMaster was having to constantly import and update lists, since their CRM wasn’t integrated with their email marketing. They also didn’t have an efficient way to segment marketing lists for the various industries that use their products, or an easy way of updating their social media accounts.
Enter Act-On’s marketing automation software, which provided BinMaster with efficient and time-saving solutions. Something as simple as a form fill on their website has led to year-over-year numbers increasing into the double digits. 
Onboarding new customers is an extremely important focus for both Marketing and Member Experience Teams at Georgia United. Implementing Act-On allowed for an integrated and automated answer to great customer onboarding experiences. Automated onboarding helps to drive the member experience from the very beginning of the relationship and engage new customers into the brand culture and online services. 
The automated new member onboarding program helps welcome new members to the credit union and introduces them to helpful services like the mobile app and direct deposit set-up. 
As a B2C marketplace, they wanted to use Act-On to support the entire customer lifecycle, which actually meant moving past the traditional website shopping experience by delivering personalized communications directly to their customers’ inboxes.
Lastly, they use Act-On’s Automated Journey Builder to build and deliver automated programs with complex conditional logic and intuitive dynamic content. 
Act-On’s powerful marketing automation empowers RATESDOTCA to facilitate and support the customer journey from start to finish. Our Automated Journey Builder is instrumental in mapping out the entire customer experience and allows them to visualize and execute personalized marketing programs that hit the inbox and make an impact. In fact, Act-On (and the Automated Journey Builder) are at the heart of RATESDOTCA’s newest product — totally automated renewals processes. 
Lydia and her team believe that by delivering communications to our primary device and circumventing the inbox, they’ll have even greater success and further endear themselves to their customers and vendor partners.
SimScale’s cloud-based simulation software gives engineers across all industries the ability to test their design prototypes without having to build them. It can save customers a great deal of money, which is easy to see when you consider the cost involved in building something like a new airplane just to see if it can withstand the conditions it may face.
The IBM Robotic Process Automation offering helps you automate more businesses and IT processes at scale wtih the ease and speed of traditional RPA. 
Act-On has all the marketing automation features you need without making things overly complicated (ahem, Marketo), or making you pledge undying allegiance to an entire product suite (mm-eham, HubSpot). We give you the complete marketing feature set you need without over-inflated hard to use platforms that cost too much.
Act-On provides a marketing platform that eliminates many of the monotonous tasks marketers deal with. It tracks and collects analytics automatically and uses the information to improve marketing techniques. Users gain complete visibility into unknown and known activity on their website. With the collected data, Act-On then automates nurturing based on user preference. Act-On also provides professional services to clients who need help building an effective marketing strategy.
Aspect upgraded its Salesforce Sales Cloud to Lightning to modernize its user experience and drive greater adoption. Nucleus found that the project enabled the company to increase sales, reduce user help-desk demands, and increase visibility across the organization to improve customer engagement.

Act!’s web APIs make building Act! integrations a seamless experience. Act!’s web APIs are JSON-based REST APIs, which are simple and easy to use. 

A computerized maintenance management system (CMMS) is one of the more basic types of facility management software, but it still provides substantial functionality and time savings.
Facility management software (FMS) is a popular blanket term referenced by many users, including facility managers who use this phrase to describe a particular kind of software. 

Act-On’s Apple Mail Privacy Protection (MPP) reporting tool is designed to help marketers accommodate the heightened degree of user anonymity granted by Apple’s Mail Privacy Protection, which, in turn, makes tracking open rates more challenging. This tool aims to give marketers as much visibility as possible while maintaining the data privacy required.

Although there are plenty of companies in the marketing automation software space, Act-On (which begins at $900 per month for the Professional plan) stands out for offering a strong tool that contains a variety of features. It falls just a bit below Editors' Choice tools HubSpot and Pardot, but Act-On is in the running for best marketing automation suite for companies looking to connect email operations to other lines of business, including customer relationship management (CRM), search marketing, and social media marketing. 
Act-On Software is a software-as-a-service product for marketing automation for small, midsize and enterprise businesses.
In the 2014 Forrester Wave Report on Lead-to-Revenue Management Vendors, Act-On was ranked a leader in both categories: Small Marketing Teams and Large Enterprises.
Act-On Software, a marketing automation platform, built out and improved its capabilities to help enhance its platform by accelerating product innovation, removing complexities and solving common pain points.
Act-On seeks to provide marketers with coaching and account management features so users can design intelligent marketing programs and streamline budgets.
Act-On Software launched a social media module as part of its marketing automation tool. The company said the Advanced Social Media Module will provide deeper insight into the user’s social media marketing initiatives and includes content publishing, listening and reporting features.

The Creative Cloud Developer Platform is a collection of APIs and SDKs that let you extend and integrate with Creative Cloud apps and services, which are used by millions of people around the world. From automating workflows to integrating your software with Creative Cloud, our developer platform has the tools you need to power creativity.
Connect to your PDFs from anywhere and share them with anyone. With Acrobat Pro, you can review a report on your phone, edit a proposal on your tablet, and add comments to a presentation in your browser. You can get more done without missing a beat.
Access Acrobat PDF documents and sign documents from anywhere, on mobile or desktop.
Adobe makes it easy for you to create, edit, collaborate, e-sign, and share PDFs, on any device. Choose from a range of scalable document signing solutions to meet your unique business needs — with or without PDF document management features.
Choose from a range of scalable document signing solutions to meet your unique business needs — with or without PDF document management features.
If On-premise Software licensed on a per-User basis is installed on a Computer accessible by more than one User, then the total number of Users (not the concurrent number of users) capable of accessing the On-premise Software must not exceed the license quantity stated in the Sales Order.
Customer must not install or access (either directly or through commands, data, or instructions) the On-premise Software for operations not initiated by an individual User (e.g., automated server processing or robotic process automation whether deployed on a client or server) unless permitted in a Sales Order.
ArcGIS Maps for Adobe Creative Cloud is an extension for Adobe Illustrator and Adobe Photoshop that allows cartographers and graphic designers to design compelling visuals using data-driven maps and layers from ArcGIS. 

Adobe Creative Cloud refers to a bundle of more than 20 software applications that creators use to produce visual content for personal or professional use.
Features like Object Selection, Select Subject, Select and Mask, and Content-Aware Fill can all be improved with a wide range of images to train our machine learning algorithms.
Adobe Creative Cloud is a set of applications and services from Adobe Inc. that gives subscribers access to a collection of software used for graphic design, video editing, web development, photography, along with a set of mobile applications and also some optional cloud services.
Today, we are launching Adobe Express, a quick and easy web and mobile app that’s perfect for a tattoo artist sharing his latest design, a clothing designer advertising her latest pop-up, a student creating an interactive history report, a real estate agent marketing his newest listing, or an aspiring musician posting about her upcoming performance.

We are a comprehensive global provider of cloud-based human capital management (HCM) solutions that unite HR, payroll, talent, time, tax and benefits administration, and a leader in business outsourcing services, analytics and compliance expertise. Our unmatched experience, deep insights and cutting-edge technology have transformed human resources from a back-office administrative function to a strategic business advantage.
At ADP, payroll is managed by our experienced payroll team who leverages on unmatched experience, deep insights and robust, reliable payroll software, so as to provide you with accurate and timely payroll that complies to legislations in India and other markets.
Gross-to-net calculations and taxes are calculated for you, while regulatory compliance is adhered to at all times. While having your payroll managed by ADP, your payslips and leave management can be easily accessed via our intuitive, mobile-optimised Employee Self-Service (ESS) portal, powered by our payroll software.
We offer a full range of payroll and HR services, from entry level to a complete suite of HR and payroll management solutions. Our payroll software covering Chennai and beyond helps you seamlessly integrate your payroll, time and HR data in a unified interface. 
ADP payroll software stores data such as payslips and annual reports in a secure and user-friendly system. This gives your business improved security, plus meaningful data analysis that makes payroll information much more targeted.
With ADP Marketplace, a digital HR storefront, connect and share data across all your HR solutions to simplify your HR processes, reduce data errors and drive your business forward.
ADP SmartCompliance is a modular offering that integrates with your current HCM platform to help you better meet tax, employment, and payroll compliance needs.
ADP GlobalView HCM is ADP’s cloud-based HCM solution for businesses operating in multiple countries.
ADP Streamline Payroll is an end-to-end advanced payroll system that provides a centralized database to manage multi-country operations.
ADP WorkMarket is a platform dedicated to managing freelancers and independent contractors. 

AWS Marketplace is a curated digital catalog that customers can use to find, buy, deploy, and manage third-party software, data, and services to build solutions and run their businesses. AWS Marketplace includes thousands of software listings from popular categories such as security, business applications, machine learning, and data products across specific industries, such as healthcare, financial services, and telecommunications.
AWS is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud offering, with millions of global users depending on it every day.
Private offers are a purchasing program that allows sellers and buyers to negotiate custom prices and end user licensing agreement (EULA) terms for software purchases in AWS Marketplace.
You can create and manage all of your private offers from the Offers page in the AWS Marketplace Management Portal.
Workiva delivers a multitenant, cloud regulatory reporting platform for enterprises to collect, link, and report business data with control and accountability. Workiva products are designed to give companies confidence in building accurate statutory and regulatory reports.
For software as a service (SaaS) subscriptions, you meter for all usage, and then customers are billed by AWS based on the metering records that you provide. For SaaS contracts, you only meter for usage beyond a customer’s contract entitlements.
AWS is designed to help you build secure, high-performing, resilient, and efficient infrastructure for your applications. 
APN Partners offer hundreds of industry-leading security solutions that help customers improve their security and compliance. The scalability, visibility, and affordability our partners inherit with the cloud enables them to create world-class offerings for customers. 
This paper discusses AWS services that are available to provide a secure environment, from the core cloud to the edge of the AWS network, and out to customer edge devices and endpoints. Many of the AWS services that provide security capabilities to the edge reside at AWS edge locations, or as close to customers’ edge devices and endpoints as necessary. 


Apptio's powerful, cloud-based platform provides actionable financial and operational insights that empower digital leaders to make data-driven decisions, realize value, and transform the business.
Enable IT, finance, and DevOps teams to work together to optimize cloud resources for speed, cost, and quality.
Apptio Cloudability is a cloud cost management and optimization tool that enables IT, finance, and business teams to optimize their costs and communicate the business value of the cloud. Cloudability is built to support the organizational adoption of cloud financial management - the process of bringing financial accountability to the scalable, variable, and distributed nature of the cloud. 
Cloudability normalizes, and structures cloud billing and usage data from across public cloud ecosystems so that the user can actively manage spend and consumption to continuously improve the unit economics of cloud services. 

Apptio is the leading provider of cloud-based Technology Business Management (TBM) software that helps CIOs manage the business of IT. 
ApptioOne Demand tackles these planning challenges by working alongside ApptioOne products. It’s a planning and management tool that ensures suppliers and consumers collaborate during the planning process. ApptioOne Demand enables technology organizations to understand aggregated demand needs for the upcoming period and variance to previous periods. At the same time, it gives consumers visibility to planned spend across services.


“We eat our own dog food,” Architect and Team Lead Joel Tomasoa explains. “We use Jira agile boards for tracking, Bitbucket and Bamboo for committing and maintaining code, and Confluence to put all our knowledge. Plus, all of them are integrated, so we can reference Confluence pages in Jira or vice versa.” 
As employees came to IT for help creating and managing projects in Atlassian, IT wanted to maintain ownership over the platform without becoming a middleman.
With less time and energy required for administration, IT freed themselves up to focus on improvements, service, and new initiatives that will continue moving the company forward.
We’re now able to provide a toolstack for over 10,000 customers with only 5-7 administrators.
Atlassian is an enterprise-software company that project managers, software developers, and content managers use to work more effectively in teams. Its primary application is an issue-tracking solution called JIRA. Atlassian has more than 1,800 employees serving more than 68,000 customers and millions of users.
Atlassian also needed to respond to customers wanting to run JIRA on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud.
Atlassian takes advantage of Auto Scaling groups to enable automatic scaling of both applications, and uses Elastic Load Balancing to redirect application traffic to Amazon EC2 instances for consistent performance.
The company then created an AWS CloudFormation template for deploying JIRA Data Center on AWS. Atlassian also takes advantage of Amazon CloudWatch to monitor JIRA. 
Through its flagship product Altéa Customer Management System, Amadeus connects airlines, hotels, railways, cruise lines, and other travel providers to over 100,000 travel agents worldwide.
We chose Atlassian’s Data Center deployment option because it’s designed for high availability, performance at scale, and instant scalability when hosting our own applications. Additionally, from a privacy, administrative and infrastructure standpoint, Data Center apps are easy to manage and maintain.
Nextiva, a leading business communications company, delivers one of the best cloud phone systems on the market, along with award-winning service.
Atlassian chose Stripe because of its flexible billing solution and deeply collaborative approach to enterprise partnerships which would enable Atlassian to consolidate its payments and billing systems into a single, easy-to-use architecture. 
With LaunchDarkly, more and more teams across the organization now have the ability to separate code deployments from feature releases. 
Atlassian Corporation is an enterprise software company that is best known for its product Jira, a project management tool used by millions around the world. Slack is one of the most popular communication software in today’s technological world. Together with a well-versed team of a project manager, eight developers, a content writer, we set out to understand how we can integrate the two platforms together.
Jira is an issue tracking application, but its core flexibility and strengths mean that Jira can become so much more than a tool limited to a development group. Jira is incredibly adept at helping teams track and accomplish the items that need to be accomplish, which means that Jira has found great success in numerous use cases.

Aurea partners with Software AG to deliver the "Insight" product, enabling our joint customers to visualize, monitor and react to their customer's journey or experience regardless of technology platform or location.

Wondershare is a provider of PC and mobile applications in the areas of creativity & multi-media, document management, and utilities for worldwide users. 
Easeware is the creator of Driver Easy, a driver updater program that aims to help users automatically update drivers to ensure that they are secure, stable, and up to date.
2Checkout (now Verifone) is the leading all-in-one monetization platform for global businesses built to help clients drive sales growth across channels and increase market share by simplifying the complexities of modern commerce. 
SoftStore.it started its journey about 13 years ago when Onofrio Tota began creating technology blog posts and writing reviews and tutorials on freeware and shareware services and software. 
Almost all site traffic comes from search engines, and for holidays or special events, SoftStore sends email newsletters to more than 100,000 subscribers.
BitDefender, an award-winning provider of innovative anti-malware security solutions, today announced the launch of a new affiliate partner program in North America that is specifically designed to maximize the way in which partners earn commission.
Revenue Architects helped Avangate develop a thought leadership platform, developing technical white papers to help Avangate access the market and educate buyers on advanced concepts and marketplace opportunity.

Bill.com offers some of the most advanced payment tools for small and medium sized businesses available on the market today. Its efficient and intuitive solutions will help you save time and money in the automated payments process, so you can focus on growing your business and boosting your profitability.
BILL also simplifies accounts payable (AP) processes through automation. Once Gardyn receives invoices at their dedicated AP email address, they are automatically scanned into BILL. Then the invoices are routed for approval.
Bill.com is a leading provider of cloud-based software that simplifies, digitizes, and automates back-office financial processes for small and mid-sized organizations.
Bill.com uses Amazon QuickSight to enable users with secure and governed enterprise BI

We are Cisco. Our products and services include networking, collaboration solutions, security solutions, wireless and mobility, data center, IoT, video, analytics, and software solutions.

BetaNXT powers the future of connected wealth management infrastructure software, leveraging real-time data capabilities to enhance the wealth advisor experience. 
Kofax (or “the Company”), a leading supplier of intelligent automation software for digital workflow transformation, today announced that Clearlake Capital Group, L.P. (together with its affiliates, “Clearlake”) and TA Associates (“TA”) have completed their acquisition of the Company from Thoma Bravo. Financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed.

Druva keeps enterprise data completely secure from end to end by adhering to proven standards that protect your data’s privacy and safeguard it from external threats. Developed with security as a foundational cornerstone, Druva’s solutions are engineered  to ensure data protection at every step—transmission, storage, and access.
Druva is the leading data protection solution for all applications on AWS — both native and migrated, enabling customers to accelerate cloud projects. Powered by AWS, Druva’s SaaS platform delivers ‘all-in-one’ cloud backup and DR to easily protect application data across all AWS workloads.
With Druva’s cloud-native SaaS platform, you can leave behind the cost and complexity found in solutions that aren’t built for the cloud. You save time and money, while getting comprehensive data protection, purpose-built for workloads on AWS, that’s secure, scalable, and always available.

GoTo’s Customer Engagement solution helps you grow your small business, with new channels like SMS and surveys, outbound campaigns, and one team inbox for every conversation.

Consider Whirlpool. It has adopted Google Workspace for product design in a big way. Product managers examine prototypes, test data, and keep their quality guidelines on Google Drive. 
In environments where there is a diversity of Windows and Apple Mac machines, company leadership will often deploy Google Workspace because it is a cloud-first platform and fully browser-based, making it an ideal choice in a hybrid Windows and Mac environment. 

Intercom Support uses powerful messaging and automation to show up in-context—in your product, app, or website.
Intercom shows you who is using your product and makes it easy to personally communicate with them through targeted, behavior-driven email and in-app messages.

KnowBe4 is the world’s largest integrated platform for security awareness training combined with simulated phishing attacks. Join our more than 60,000 customers to manage the continuing problem of social engineering.

Hubspot and Net-Results both beat out Marketo for Segmentation capabilities, with Hubspot coming in at 84% user satisfaction with the feature and Net-Results customers rating it at 91%. Pardot and other competitors came in around 80%.

NextRoll’s machine learning technology gathers data, delivers reliable insights, and provides businesses with approachable tools to target buyers in strategic ways – all on one platform.
Powered by machine learning and integrated data platforms, NextRoll’s technology serves tens of thousands of businesses globally through its business units: RollWorks, an account-based platform for business-to-business marketing and sales teams, and AdRoll, an ecommerce marketing platform for growing direct-to-consumer brands. 

Salesforce’s customer relationship management (CRM) software breaks down the technology silos between departments and helps you build strong, lasting customer relationships.
We call our entire portfolio of products and services Customer 360. It’s how you can unite your company — your sales, service, marketing, commerce, and IT teams — around a single shared view of your customers using AI and real-time, actionable data to help wow your customers every time.
This cloud-first approach to customer relationship management (versus on-premise software) allows companies to lower maintenance costs, follow a pay-as-you-go model, and more efficiently enable remote or hybrid work.